README.md, before:

# Broadway Dashboard

[Online documentation](https://hexdocs.pm/broadway_dashboard)

<!-- MDOC !-->

`BroadwayDashboard` is a tool to analyze [`Broadway`](https://hexdocs.pm/broadway)
pipelines. It provides some insights about performance and errors for
your running pipelines.

It works as an additional page for the [`Phoenix Live Dashboard`](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix_live_dashboard).

You can inspect pipelines on remote nodes that are not running `BroadwayDashboard` too.
See [Distribution](#distribution) for details.

## Integration with Phoenix Live Dashboard

You can add this page to your Phoenix Live Dashboard by adding as a page in
the `live_dashboard` macro at your router file.

```elixir
live_dashboard "/dashboard",
  additional_pages: [
    broadway: {BroadwayDashboard, pipelines: [MyBroadway]}
  ]

```

The `:pipelines` option accept pipeline names (the `:name` option of your Broadway).
Once configured, you will be able to access the `BroadwayDashboard` at `/dashboard/broadway`.

## Distribution

**Phoenix Live Dashboard** works with distribution out of the box, and it's not different
with **Broadway Dashboard**! You can inspect your pipelines that are running on connected nodes.

You can also inspect pipelines from nodes that are not running the same system of
your dashboard. This is possible because we "copy" the essential parts of this
tool to the remote node when it's not running `BroadwayDashboard`. We stop the tracking
once the node that started it is disconnected.

<!-- MDOC -->

## Installation

Add the following to your `mix.exs` and run mix `deps.get`:

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    {:broadway_dashboard, "~> 0.1.0"}
  ]
end
```

After that, proceed with instructions described in **Integration with Phoenix Live Dashboard** above.

## Acknowledgment

This project is based on [Marlus Saraiva's](https://github.com/msaraiva/) work from
[his presentation at ElixirConf 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPu-P97-cbE).

In that talk he presented a graph showing the work of a Broadway pipeline, which is
essentially the same we display in this project.
Thank you, Marlus! <3

## License

Copyright 2021 Dashbit

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add auto-discovery of running Broadway pipelines (#4)
This feature helps to avoid the need to setup the Broadway pipelines in
the router. So this makes easier to integrate with a Phoenix
application.

The auto-discover mode will check for pipelines running in the current
(selected) node and display them in the tabs.

README.md, after:

# Broadway Dashboard

[Online documentation](https://hexdocs.pm/broadway_dashboard)

<!-- MDOC !-->

`BroadwayDashboard` is a tool to analyze [`Broadway`](https://hexdocs.pm/broadway)
pipelines. It provides some insights about performance and errors for
your running pipelines.

It works as an additional page for the [`Phoenix Live Dashboard`](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix_live_dashboard).

You can inspect pipelines on remote nodes that are not running `BroadwayDashboard` too.
See [Distribution](#distribution) for details.

## Integration with Phoenix Live Dashboard

You can add this page to your Phoenix Live Dashboard by adding as a page in
the `live_dashboard` macro at your router file.

```elixir
live_dashboard "/dashboard",
  additional_pages: [
    broadway: {BroadwayDashboard, pipelines: [MyBroadway]}
  ]
```

The `:pipelines` option accept pipeline names (the `:name` option of your Broadway).
By ommiting the `:pipelines` option, `BroadwayDashboard` will try to autodiscover your pipelines.

```elixir
live_dashboard "/dashboard",
  additional_pages: [
    broadway: BroadwayDashboard
  ]
```

Once configured, you will be able to access the `BroadwayDashboard` at `/dashboard/broadway`.

## Distribution

**Phoenix Live Dashboard** works with distribution out of the box, and it's not different
with **Broadway Dashboard**! You can inspect your pipelines that are running on connected nodes.

You can also inspect pipelines from nodes that are not running the same system of
your dashboard. This is possible because we "copy" the essential parts of this
tool to the remote node when it's not running `BroadwayDashboard`. We stop the tracking
once the node that started it is disconnected.

<!-- MDOC -->

## Installation

Add the following to your `mix.exs` and run mix `deps.get`:

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    {:broadway_dashboard, "~> 0.1.0"}
  ]
end
```

After that, proceed with instructions described in **Integration with Phoenix Live Dashboard** above.

## Acknowledgment

This project is based on [Marlus Saraiva's](https://github.com/msaraiva/) work from
[his presentation at ElixirConf 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPu-P97-cbE).

In that talk he presented a graph showing the work of a Broadway pipeline, which is
essentially the same we display in this project.
Thank you, Marlus! <3

## License

Copyright 2021 Dashbit

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
